* Semantic tags in HTML are elements that provide meaning to the content they enclose, making it clear to both browsers and developers what the purpose or role of that content is within the structure of the document.

* Here are some commonly used semantic tags in HTML5 :

1. `<header>` :
 * Defines a header for a document or a section.
 * It typically contains introductory content, navigation links, headings, logos, and other top-level information.

2. `<nav>` :
 * Represents a section of navigation links.
 * It is used to define navigation menus, menus, or any other set of links that lead to other documents or to different sections within the same document.

3. `<main>` :
 * Represents the main content of the document.
 * It should contain the primary content of the web page, excluding headers, footers, sidebars, and navigation links.

4. `<section>` :
 * Defines a section within a document.
 * It is a generic container for thematic grouping of content, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other content grouping that makes sense in the context of the document.

5. `<article>` :
 * Represents a self-contained piece of content that could be distributed and reused independently, such as a blog post, forum post, news article, or comment.

6. `<aside>` :
 * Defines content that is related to the main content but can be considered separate from it, such as sidebars, pull quotes, or advertisements.

7. `<footer>` :
 * Defines a footer for a document or a section.
 * It typically contains information about the author, copyright, contact information, and links to related documents or sections.

8. `<figure>` & `<figcaption>` :
 * Used together to represent and provide a caption for content such as images, diagrams, illustrations, code snippets, and more.

9. `<time>` :
 * Represents a specific period in time or a date. It is used to semantically mark up dates, times, and durations.

10. `<address>` :
 * Represents contact information for the author or owner of a document.
 * It can also represent the contact information for an individual or organization.


# `<nav aria-label="...">` 

 * The `aria-label` attribute is used to provide a text label that describes the purpose of the `<nav>` element for users of assistive technologies.
 * The value of `aria-label` should be a brief, descriptive label that conveys the purpose of the navigation section.
 * Example,
 ```
 <nav aria-label="Main navigation">
  <!-- Navigation links go here -->
 </nav>
 ```

# `<nav aria-labelledby="...">`

 * The `aria-labelledby` attribute is used to associate the `<nav>` element with an element elsewhere in the document that serves as its label.
 * The value of aria-labelledby should be the ID of another element that contains the label text.
 * Example,
 ```
 <h2 id="navLabel">Main navigation</h2>
 <nav aria-labelledby="navLabel">
  <!-- Navigation links go here -->
 </nav>
 ```